nixos/pelican-panel: init, nixos/tests/pelican-panel: init, nixos/pelican-wings: init, pelican-panel: init at 1.0.0-beta38, pelican-wings: init at 1.0.0-beta29 (#524420)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/modules/services/misc/pelican-panel.md

# Pelican Panel {#module-pelican-panel}

Pelican Panel is a game server panel forked from Pterodactyl which manages Docker containers on multiple machines, using their control plane Wings.
Wings is required to use it and vice versa. To set it up, see the docs for `services.pelican-wings`.

You should probably read the [official docs](https://pelican.dev/docs/panel/getting-started) before continuing.

Note that the web installer is disabled by default. This means that you have to create the first admin user yourself. This can be done by running

```sh
pelican-artisan p:user:make --admin
```

All changes to `.env` will be stored in `/var/lib/pelican`, but it is recommended to configure everything through Nix where possible;
make changes to `services.pelican-panel.environment` or the `secretEnvironmentFile` is recommended.

> Also, passing in a `secretEnvironmentFile` is required and the file has to exist on disk. Please use a proper secret management scheme to provide it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secretEnvironmentFile` option has to be set to the absolute path of a file that exists. Please use a proper secret management scheme to provide it.
```
